Event documentation (#9482)
highlight/highlight: docs-content/general/6_product-features/6_metrics/5_event-search.md

---
title: Event Search
slug: event-search
createdAt: 2024-10-21T12:00:00.000Z
updatedAt: 2024-10-21T12:00:00.000Z
---

Event search lets you create metrics and alerts based on events within your sessions. While session search helps you find
sessions containing specific events, event search dives deeper by analyzing the attributes passed with each event and counting
occurrences, even if they happen multiple times in a session.  You can filter events using a
[search query](../../6_product-features/3_general-features/search.md). For example, you can get `Click` events produced in the
last 15 minutes service by selecting "Last 15 minutes" from the time picker and entering the following query:

```
event=Click
``` 

> We also offer form-based assistance to help you discover events and their attributes, as discussed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also offer autocompletion to help you discover events and their attributes, as discussed below.
```

| `os_name`                       | The user's operating system                        | `Mac OS X`                                                                                                                              |
| `os_version`                    | The user's operating system version                | `10.15.7`                                                                                                                               |
| `secure_session_id`             | Id of the session the event occurred in            | `e1845285cb360410aee05c61dd0cc57f85afe6da`                                                                                              |
| `state`                         | State the user was in                              | `Virginia`                                                                                                                              |

You can view a full list of the available attributes to filter on by starting to type in the search box. As you type you'll get
suggestions for keys to filter on.

## Special Events

> The Handshake SDK records a few events by default: Click and Navigate events, both of which have some attributes associated with them.

Reviewer: i think you mean highlight?
```suggestion
The Highlight SDK records a few events by default: Click and Navigate events, both of which have some attributes associated with them.
```
